.TH "Photon.Pun.Simple.StateChangeInfo" 3 "Mon Apr 18 2022" "Purrpatrator User manual" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Photon.Pun.Simple.StateChangeInfo
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStateChangeInfo\fP (\fBStateChangeInfo\fP src)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStateChangeInfo\fP (\fBObjState\fP itemState, \fBMount\fP \fBmount\fP, Vector3? \fBoffsetPos\fP, Quaternion? \fBoffsetRot\fP, Vector3? \fBvelocity\fP, bool \fBforce\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStateChangeInfo\fP (\fBObjState\fP itemState, \fBMount\fP \fBmount\fP, Vector3? \fBoffsetPos\fP, Vector3? \fBvelocity\fP, bool \fBforce\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStateChangeInfo\fP (\fBObjState\fP itemState, \fBMount\fP \fBmount\fP, bool \fBforce\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBObjState\fP \fBobjState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMount\fP \fBmount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Vector3? \fBoffsetPos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Quaternion? \fBoffsetRot\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Vector3? \fBvelocity\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBforce\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB11\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.StateChangeInfo (\fBStateChangeInfo\fP src)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB20\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.StateChangeInfo (\fBObjState\fP itemState, \fBMount\fP mount, Vector3? offsetPos, Quaternion? offsetRot, Vector3? velocity, bool force)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.StateChangeInfo (\fBObjState\fP itemState, \fBMount\fP mount, Vector3? offsetPos, Vector3? velocity, bool force)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB40\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.StateChangeInfo (\fBObjState\fP itemState, \fBMount\fP mount, bool force)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB50\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.force"

.PP
Definition at line \fB18\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBMount\fP Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.mount"

.PP
Definition at line \fB14\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBObjState\fP Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.objState"

.PP
Definition at line \fB13\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Vector3? Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.offsetPos"

.PP
Definition at line \fB15\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Quaternion? Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.offsetRot"

.PP
Definition at line \fB16\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Vector3? Photon\&.Pun\&.Simple\&.StateChangeInfo\&.velocity"

.PP
Definition at line \fB17\fP of file \fBStateChangeInfo\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Purrpatrator User manual from the source code\&.
